<Blog>

<date>30,May,2004</date>
<post>

    
       
      Hey all！Hope u all find ur way here successfully^^  I know we've got Olly's nice job done on project website. However, I still think it's a good idea to keep a weblog for our project (as what GRAHAM said!). I planned to post all our meeting minutes here. And u all can give any comment about our project!  As I am still new to the Blogger, I'm not sure whether they have column function to classify posts into different columns. Anyway, for now I'm going to use this very ancient way to indicate what the post is roughly about, like [NEWS], [MINUTES], etc.  OK, enjoy our project^^
       
    
    
</post>

<date>21,June,2004</date>
<post>

    
       
      GNU Zebra Project:    http://www.zebra.org/  RIP Manual:   http://www.zebra.org/zebra/RIP.html#RIP  Also, the link I sent to u before is an old version, the latest version is 0.94:   ftp://ftp.zebra.org/pub/zebra/zebra-0.94.tar.gz  Ignore the other parts, just look at the ripd directory^^
       
    
    
</post>

<date>20,June,2004</date>
<post>

    
       
      Time & Location: 7pm  Nero Cafe Participants: Kyle, Cecile, Oliver, Sheen   Issues:  1. Threat analysis - olly has done a good job!  2. Alternative of initial policy distribution - hosts send request of initial policy instead of central host distribute it directly; advantages & disadvantages;  3. Interface & module structure done by sheen;  4. Discussion about policy representation: 1) initial policy - vpn establishment information, topology information (graph, neighbours, table); 2) routing policy - security issues, routing information (RIP); 3) all xml format - extensible, ready-to-use parser;   Tasks:  Oliver - Threat analysis, security parts of routing policy; Kyle - Design overview, assistant SSL test; Sheen - Interface, function structure; Cecile - Policy representation.   Next meeting: Tuesday afternoon (22th)
       
    
    
</post>

<date>17,June,2004</date>
<post>

    
       
      http://developer.netscape.com/docs/manuals/security/sslin/contents.htm
       
    
    
</post>

<date>16,June,2004</date>
<post>

    
       
        with Steve  1.	Methodology A.	Extreme program is going to be used B.	We can combine a few methodology  2.	Presentation A.	Make it professional  3.	Project A.	Adopt the existing policy contents distribution B.	Information on RFC securing; have a brief look, not too much C.	Virtual Routers D.	RSA E.	One example of threats i.	In somewhere, policy get stopped to be updated ii.	Degree of consistency in network F.	So, we need to think i.	What threats models are used ii.	What requirements are G.	High authentication means high policy H.	Between abstract policy and concrete policy, we need to map those I.	Start with concrete policy  4.	Summary A.	Write a document B.	Prototype about routing and policy representation C.	Use “c”; fast is good, but securing is better D.	Write down the requirements and talk to Manish E.	Prepare the presentation 
       
    
    
</post>

<date>14,June,2004</date>
<post>

    
       
         1.	Policy A.	Contains address, incoming source address, Destination address, QoS B.	Is like a roar set C.	Is like a routing table entry D.	Difference i.	Policy distribution database contains policy entries, interface, destination E.	Difference between VPN and normal i.	VPN; distribution is logical, it has logical meaning and does not concern physical  2.	Issues A.	How to maintain database B.	How to make it secure C.	How to setup and maintain  3.	We can use transport mode because it is dynamic  4.	We need to  A.	find out the operation difference between VPN distribution of policy and normal TCP/UDP routing B.  find out how to setup and maintain C.  find out how to make it secure D.  Need Nortel  5.  Website: www.oliverpriest.com/project      with Steve  1.	Methodology of project A.	Think flexibility; UML etc  2.	About VPN; A.	IIPtran has dynamic routing solution Does it adjust distribution? See cryptograph for key distribution B.	Policy distribution i.	Key_length ii.	Route High level policy; distributed one is human readable Specify GUI etc We concern only secure part We can ignore broader policy  3.	Policy about policy? A.	Who set up the policy B.	Authentication  4.	See “Askenti” www-itg.lbl.gov/Akenti 5.	IPSec A.	In gateway B.	In endpoint(host) C.	But here we have dynamic. Router is in somewhere in network. So? D.	Distribution is about routing information E.	Distribution can be normal routing protocol to get and push  6.	Implementation A.	Test it college LAN B.	So implementation is only for demonstration for one project which means we can do part of it  7.	Idea A.	We want to have dynamic routing protocol that has policy inside saying that how it is routed, pushed, parsed, etc in secure way B.	Solve dynamic routing C.	Policy specification D.	Do it in secure way  8.	Summary A.	Think about “policy of policy” B.	Write down all the problems; don’t expect too much C.	Think as critical D.	Do the project management E.	Look at RFC F.	Read more about Manish’s work G.	About problem, understand what is there, what can be, and what is solved already      with our own group  About project A.  Overview; Olly B.  Objectives; Olly C.  Context of the work; Sheen D.  Project Strategy; Kyle and Sheen E.  Project organization; Kyle F.  Schedule; Kyle G.  Resources; Cecile H.  Evaluation Methods; Cecile I.   Risk management; Cecile and Hyosim J.  Monitoring and controlling; Hyosim  
       
    
    
</post>

<date>14,June,2004</date>
<post>

    
       
        with our own group  1.	Why IPSec Tunnel mode is Nor good for VPN  as Dynamic; A.	Forwarding issues B.	Source address  2.	About the report A.	Router Design and implementation i.	XML; one regarding the policies distribution through an out of band channel ii.	Authentication; one regarding the traffic analysis, inspection and routing B.	Design C.	Implementation i.	Should be in “c” ii.	Libraries; libxml for XML, OpenSSL for securing policy iii.	In each router, policy is stored in file  3.	For whole idea, we need to think about; A.	Why we need B.	What is the whole picture? C.	Every hosts send request to the master and the master controls the request -> Centralized failure D.	So the master’s job with demon needs to be spreaded E.	In nomadic way F.	Key distribution G.	Administrator only needs to set up. In each host, the policy is generated automatically H.	In static, policy management. Policy configuration I.	In dynamic, policy distribution automatically J.	How to find a master? K.	Who asks request to set VPN? L.	Hash chain is used to find a master. So hosts(slaves) know the master, but master doesn’t M.	How to join? i.	Either, VPN is fixed ii.	Tunnel is peer to peer  4.	Conclusion A.	Read the document B.	Learn more about VPN, RFC, Link exchange 
       
    
    
</post>

<date>14,June,2004</date>
<post>

    
       
        with Steve  1.	We need to study the basic understanding background  2.	We need to structure our group 2.1	choose a group coordinator 2.2	identify responsibility  3.	We need to meet everyday  4.	We need to choose the topic in the list of project management  5.	We talked about “policy distribution”, “threats”, “policy language”, and “security aspect”.      with our own group  1.	Clarified responsibilities 1.1	Coding 1.2	Designing 1.3	Leader / Coordinator 1.4	Agenda writing 1.5	Maintaining web site 1.6	Testing  2.	Structure 2.1	Kyle 2.1.1	Leader 2.1.2	Designing 2.1.3	Coding 2.2	Oliver 2.2.1	Designing 2.2.2	Research 2.2.3	Website maintain 2.2.4	Documentation 2.3	Cecile 2.3.1	Designing 2.3.2	Coding 2.3.3	Testing 2.3.4	Documentation 2.4	Sheen 2.4.1	Coding 2.4.2	Designing 2.5	Simmy 2.5.1	Designing 2.5.2	Agenda Writing 2.5.3	Testing 2.5.4	Documentation  3.	Need to see “Piergiovanni Cipolloni”  4.	Need to study “A policy based Dynamic VPN Router” 
       
    
    
</post>

<date>14,June,2004</date>
<post>

    
       
      Thanks Simmy, we now have our early meeting minutes now! Wish her every good luck on her job^^
       
    
    
</post>

<date>14,June,2004</date>
<post>

    
       
      An interesting VIDEO tutorial^^: http://www.nwfusion.com/media/ellistalks/ellis_sslvpn_300k.ram
       
    
    
</post>

<date>14,June,2004</date>
<post>

    
       
      Sorry all, but I decide to make the meeting minute simpler, as it has become a heavy burden for me. However, I do think we don't need a very detailed meeting minute, just a list of the points should be enough for our tracing and report writing purpose.   And just a remind, you all can post whatever you want here, as long as related to our project. Don't make here just a storage of meeting minutes^^
       
    
    
</post>

<date>14,June,2004</date>
<post>

    
       
      Time & Location: 1pm  Steve's Office; 2pm  Quad@UCL Participants: Kyle, Cecile, Oliver, Sheen   Issues:  1. State what the group has done during the past days;  2. Threat Analysis: 1) first do threat analysis, then find feasible solutions to threats; 2) for example, consider about what information will be exchanged; who may be going to breach the system; what he is going to do; 3) after threat analysis, SSL happens to solve the problem.  3. SSL resource-consuming test to find out which is better approach, temporary connection or permanent connection;   To Do Lists:  1. Formal proposal (list assupmtions, scope); 2. Function charts; 3. Class interfaces; 4. Threat Analysis; 5. SSL link-up test & result; 6. Policy representation; 7. Store mechanism.  Next meeting: 23/06/2004 Wed 11AM  
       
    
    
</post>

<date>14,June,2004</date>
<post>

    
       
      This is a quick version of that meeting.   Time & Location: 7pm  Quad@UCL Participants: Kyle, Cecile, Sheen   Issues:  1. discussion about the procedures involved; intial policy, setup VPN, routing policy.  2. several assumptions:  1)participating hosts all known to all initially (ip address); 2)topology decided beforehand and configured manually;  3. possibly use RIP.  4. AKENTI and PolicyD for references.  5. Security issue still ambiguous.   Tasks:  1. Sheen - Interface; 2. Kyle - Security, authentication; 3. Cecile - XML & Policy.
       
    
    
</post>

<date>03,June,2004</date>
<post>

    
       
       [Participants] : Cecile, Kyle, Olly (with Steve)  [Time & Location] : 2pm  Steve's office    [Issues] :  1) VPN setup: a) machines will be allocated soon together with hubs; b) 2 network interfaces per machine, so possible do some routing;   2) Design proposal : a) should include the functionalities, not too much detail; b) show what a dynamic system might be/how to achieve dynamic (eg. who change the policy(dynamically)) c) a sequence diagram is helpful; d) what threats are there in the system, and how to deal with them. e) divide/define the system blocks; f) specify the policy (refer to AKENTI) g) distribute policy (protocol) and justify it!  h) key points: distribute policy in a secure way; authenticate; whether to store or not the policy; forwarding engine and how to realise it....   3) Manish a) talk to him maybe next Tuesday; b) he's the Mr. VPN ---- excellent resource!!  4) Hash Chain a) used for secure packet identification (packet label, if same then not secure (vulnerable to vicious traffic analysis) , so use hash chain to change label in a controlled way) b) is fine in simple situation; c) but in Piergiovanni's report, he didn't explain well. Find out what it is!! d) a good way for report: present/explain the problem, and then approach it, solve it!  5) AKENTI It is very helpful in the policy specification/distribution, although not about VPN. Explore it more carefully!!    [To Do List] : 1) prepare the design proposal; 2) try to work out a clearer idea about the prototype;    [Supplement] : 1) Next meeting with Steve on Thursday(10th June) at 3pm; 2) He expect more technical detail!! good proposal!!  
       
    
    
</post>

<date>02,June,2004</date>
<post>

    
       
       [Participants] : Cecile, Kyle, Olly  [Time & Location] : 13:00  Starbucks@Camden    [Current Main Task] :  Build an early prototype.    [Issue Discussion] :    1) Building prototype:     a) focus on routing function at this stage;     b) RIP/OSPF routing algorithm;     c) build policy distribution function into the already-existed routing algorithm;    2) Setting up VPN environment:     a) search about VPN setup (IPSec) with Google;        (The "howto" documentation is based on SSL VPN, which is different with the IPSec-based that we want.)     b) explore about the present VPN being used in UCL;        (Can get useful information on how to setup VPN, also possible to build our work onto theirs.)     c) try to use every possible resource to solve our problem!!    3) Progress monitoring:     1) everyone should record his/her progress(status) on weblog every other day;     2) post group meeting onto weblog;      3) weekly meeting with Steve should be put onto formal project website;     [To Do List] :   1) Group:     Meet Manish on Thursday before 2pm. Ask more detail about VPN setup and their ongoing work on VPN.   2) O & C:     Get background knowledge of "Unix/Linux VPN Setup";   3) S & K:     Find some reference source code of RIP, OSPF;   4) O:     Put project schedule onto offical website;   5) C:     a) get previous meeting minutes from Simmy;     b) re-invite everyone for weblog & post today's meeting minute;    [Supplement] :   1) Next meeting with Steve on Thursday(3rd June) at 2pm;   2) Share resources! 
       
    
    
</post>

<date>30,July,2004</date>
<post>

    
       
      Today I spoke with Manish informally about a number of key points concerning our project.   2ND PHASE DESIGN EXTENSIONS  After discussing the 2nd design phase extensions, Manish questioned the actual amount of time that we have remaining to add extra features to our software.  If we have tine over the course of next week then we should try to implement the access control policies into our VPN software.   LIST OF THINGS TO DO(TO BE WRITTEN BY ME)  Other than the 2nd phase extension, Manish felt that we have plenty to be getting on with and that we should concentrate on prioritising our workloads over the next 4 weeks. A list of remaining tasks will subsequently be produced by myself listing everything that needs to be completed. I will also create a new work timetable listing the deadlines for the last month.  TESTING  Testing was also discussed and the group was given good advice about the structure of any testing and how to document testing for the group report.   The testing should be broken down into the following sections;  1. Unit Testing. What is being tested? How is the unit being tested? What are the results of the unit testing? How are we documenting the test?  2. Integration testing. What integration tests are being carried out? How? What are the integration test results? Problems? Successes? Failures?  3. Overall testing. Does the application work within specification? Formal test results? Documentation?  THE GROUP REPORT  The group report structure has now been approved by the project group and a small amount of progress has been made.  The structure of the report will also be forwarded to Manish/Steve to seek further approval/critisism.  Thats all for now.  Olly  
       
    
    
</post>

<date>13,July,2004</date>
<post>

    
       
      Time and Location: 12am  Hawkridge computer room Participants: Kyle, Sheen, Cecile  Issues: 1. clarify the working procedure of the daemons; 2. define some important structures; 3. decide the parser function interface; 4. find the xml generator library - Genx; 5. set tasks before the next meeting;  Next meeting: 16th July, Friday
       
    
    
</post>

<date>07,July,2004</date>
<post>

    
       
      Time & Location: 4pm  Steve's office Participants: Kyle, Sheen, Cecile & Steve  Issues:  1. Discuss the progress:  1) Sheen is writing the programming instruction and interface, responsible for framework and structure; 2) Kyle is working on ripd; 3) Cecile is getting familiar with eXpat, trying small example; 4) Olly works on the 2nd design.  2. Steve and Manish think the 1st design is ok, now is coding time!!  3. Authentication issue, in data packet and policy packet?  4. Next meeting will check something running in the lab, so work hard this week!!   Next meeting: not settled yet. wait for furthur instruction. 
       
    
    
</post>

<date>01,July,2004</date>
<post>

    
       
      Time & Location: 11am  Steve's office Participants: the group & steve   Issues:  1. Submit the design report; 2. SSL test; 3. Set requirement(assumptions) for underlying VPN;   Next meeting: 9am  28th June Monday
       
    
    
</post>

<date>11,August,2004</date>
<post>

    
       
      Here is the new schedule for the rest of our project:  -16th: finish 1,2,3,4 (draft); finish 2nd prototype implementation & testing; -18th: finish "implementation" part (sheen) & "testing" part (cecile) (all draft); finish "design" part (olly & kyle) (draft); -19th: everyone reviews 1,2,3,4,5,6,7, criticize and discuss; -22nd: formally finish 1-7 (olly); "Evaluation & Future" &amp; "Appendices" (sheen & kyle &amp; cecile) (draft); -24th: produce final documentation; prove reading; -31st: finish individual reports. 
       
    
    
</post>

<date>09,August,2004</date>
<post>

    
       
      3rd August – Deadline for first version of working code, group report officially started 4th August – Meeting with Steve at 2pm, group report introduction section completed 5th – 11th August – 2nd phase design extensions implemented, group report background, project requirements and goals sections completed 12th – 13th August – All testing completed, group report specification and project management sections completed 16th August – Individual report drafting commences 16th August – 18th August group report design and implementation sections completed 19th August – 20th August group report testing sections completed 23rd August -25th August group report evaluation, future work conclusion sections completed 26th August – 27th August group report appendices completed 27th August – 30th August individual reports completed 30th August – First draft of group report completed, report proof reading begins 3rd September – Final draft of group report completed 4th September – 5th September – Any other final project work is completed 6th September – Reports and CD submitted  I post it here but it's Olly's good job^^ 
       
    
    
</post>


</Blog>